Add shared components documentation link (#12)
pyansys/pyansys_landing: README.rst

  - `Legacy PyMAPDL Reader GitHub <https://github.com/pyansys/pymapdl-reader>`_

Shared Components
-----------------

> The PyAnsys project publishes and consumes shared components which enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PyAnsys project publishes and consumes shared software components. These enable
```

> interoperability and minimise maintenance burden for our other packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interoperability between PyAnsys packages and minimizes maintenance burden.
```
